1. A general speed limit should apply on all highways.
2. Germany should increase its defense spending.
3. Young people aged 16 and over should also be allowed to vote for federal elections.
4. The promotion of wind energy is to be ended.
5. The possibilities of the landlords to increase apartment rents should be limited more by law.
6. Vaccines against Covid-19 should continue to be protected by patents.
7. The exit from coal electricity production planned for 2038 is to be preferred.
8. All employees should be insured in the statutory pension insurance.
9. The right of recognized refugees on family reunification should be abolished.
10. A national tax is to be levied on the turnover that is achieved with digital services in Germany.
11. The traditional family of father, mother and children should be promoted more than other communities.
12. Donations of companies at parties should continue to be allowed.
13. Students should receive BAföG regardless of their parents' income.
14. In Germany, it should generally be possible to have a second citizenship alongside the Germans.
15. In their publications, federal authorities should take different gender identities into account linguistically.
16. The Baltic Sea pipeline "Nord Stream 2", which transports the gas from Russia to Germany, should be allowed to go into operation as planned.
17. The solidarity surcharge should be completely abolished.
18. Wearing a headscarf should generally be allowed to do civil servants in service.
19. The approval of new cars with an internal combustion engine should also be possible in the long term.
20. The federal government should receive more responsibilities in school policy.
21. The federal government is intended to provide more financially support projects to combat anti-Semitism.
22. Chinese companies should not be allowed to receive orders for the expansion of the communication infrastructure in Germany.
23. The state should continue to collect church tax for religious communities.
24. The controlled sale of cannabis should generally be allowed.
25. Germany is said to leave the European Union.
26. The state lists of the parties for the elections to the German Bundestag should have to be occupied alternately with women and men
27. Inpatient treatments in the hospital should continue to be billed via a flat rate.
28. A tax is to be levied on high assets.
29. Face recognition software should be used for video surveillance.
30. Married couples without children should also continue to receive tax benefits.
31. Ecological agriculture is to be promoted more than conventional agriculture.
32. Islamic associations should be able to be recognized as religious communities.
33. The state-defined price for the output of CO2 when heating and driving should increase more than planned.
34. The debt brake in the constitution should be maintained.
35. Asylum should only be granted politically persecuted.
36. The statutory minimum wage is to be increased to at least 12 euros in 2022 at the latest.
37. Air traffic should be taxed higher.
38. Companies should decide for themselves whether they allow their employees to work in the home